- bump NN 105.0.0; - bump common 22.0.0-rc.2. (#5905)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

#### Features

#### Bug fixes and improvements

> - Added `Debug` logs to HistoryRecorder. [#5905](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5905)

Reviewer: No, let's skip it.

> - Added explicitly message fail EV `Onboard` routing request. [#5905](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5905)

Reviewer 2: Did you mean? 🤔 
```suggestion
- Added an explicit fail message for EV `Onboard` routing request. [#5905](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5905)
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Onboard` router doesn't support EV route requests yet and from now on the attempts will explicitly fail with an appropriate message. [#5905](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5905)
```

> - Fixed multiple switching to alternatives and incorrect switching to a close alternative route. [#5905](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5905)

Reviewer 2: @DenisPryt , I'm not sure that Android SDK user will understand what was fixed. Does the suggested option make sense?
```suggestion
- Fixed an incorrect switch to an alternative route in case when the alternative route was too close to current position [#5905](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5905)
```
BTW, was this fix actual for Android or only for iOS reroute controller?

> - Fixed crashes in router in retry request mechanism. [#5905](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5905)

Author: it's NN cherry pick, addressed in the SDK v2.5.1. Remove the string

#### Bug fixes and improvements
- :warning: Moved `MapboxAudioGuidanceButton` from Drop-in UI to Voice module. [#5874](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5874)
- Added `Debug` logs to HistoryRecorder []()
- Added explicitly fail EV onboard routing request []()

> - Added `Debug` logs to HistoryRecorder. [#5905](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5905)

Reviewer: Something went wrong here. Also as mentioned before, let's remove the log entry.

#### Bug fixes and improvements
- :warning: Moved `MapboxAudioGuidanceButton` from Drop-in UI to Voice module. [#5874](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5874)

> - Updated `Onboard` router doesn't support EV route requests yet and from now on the attempts will explicitly fail with an appropriate message. [#5905](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5905)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Onboard` router doesn't support EV route requests yet and from now on the attempts will explicitly fail with an appropriate message. [#5905](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5905)
```

Author: any line of the changelog is added `Added`, `Moved`, `Fixed`, and so on. let's keep the same approach here.

Reviewer: I can't fully agree, first of all the sentence should read well. The prefix guidelines are just that, guidelines. We can update separately to avoid waiting for a CI cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed `Onboard` router to fail fast an deliver an appropriate message when EV route requests are made, which are not supported yet. [#5905](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5905)
```
This could work.
